Add application pause while WAN initializes (#22)
hms-networks/sc-ewon-flexy-extensions-lib: CHANGELOG.md

# Ewon Flexy Extensions Library Changelog

## Version 1.11.0
### Features

> - Added support for application pause on no valid WAN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for application pause when no WAN IP address is available
```
